including wording that clarifies that offensive comments are not ok (#3)
UtahJS/slack-coc: README.md

- The use of sexualized language or imagery and unwelcome sexual attention or advances
- Trolling, insulting/derogatory comments, and personal or political attacks
- Public or private harassment

> - Verbal or written offensive comments related to gender, sexual orientation, disability, physical appearance, body size, race or religion

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Harassment or insensitivity related to gender, sexual orientation, disability, physical appearance, body size, race or religion
```
What about this change?
